this is the spirit
we know that you are alone
and we also know that you are very handsome and
6-4
you heard that we see we do not owe
ghost not sure is my uncle who is
looking for their medicine they keep playing
I'm afraid
I'm not afraid anymore
It is not
my uncle who I know is in some
part always says that when you have
fear you put yourself under the bed not
you apply but we're going to use under
bed sheets
where
we have to face it in life
everything is peace
I want
d
and someone come out of the closet for sure
way so
ah
the men
the same words systems live the life
live the life
- You killed him because he's so bad
the true gray and everyone will appear
now christmas now nothing
awesome performance we owe herbs
the best I've seen in five years